What's your favorite game of all time?
What's a game you thought you'd like but actually hated?
What's a really popular game everyone seems to love but you don't like?
What's a game you didn't expect to enjoy but ended up liking?
What game have you spent the most number of hours on?
If you could marry a video game character, who would it be?
If you could live in a video game world, what world would it be?
Have you ever had a crush on a video game character?
What was the first game you ever remember playing?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something so you could play a game?
What game did you last complete?
What game are you playing right now?
What game do you want to play next?
What was your favorite game console?
Have you ever streamed yourself on Twitch or YouTube?
What's the best weapon you've ever used in a game?
What's your favorite fighting class: warrior, mage, or rogue, etc. and why?
What's your favorite game genre?
Do you prefer multiplayer games or solo?
Do you prefer co-op or player vs player?
What is the first console you ever owned?
What or who got you into video games in the first place?
What is the longest amount of time you have sat playing games non-stop?
If video games didn't exist anymore, what would you do?
What is your favorite song from a game?
Which video game character do you most wish you were like?
What's a game you've spent the most amount of money on?
What new games are you excited for?
Who is your favorite villain from a video game and why?
What is your favorite game from your childhood?
Have you played any MMOs?
Are there any games you wish you were better at?
Have you ever seen somebody get really angry when they lose?
What's your favorite game series of all time?
What's more important: gameplay or story?
Is there a game that is considered to be really bad but is your secret guilty pleasure?
If you could have any video game character as your best friend, who would it be?
Would you rather have loads of time to play games but only be able to buy two games a year, or be able to buy loads of games but never have much time to play them?
In your opinion, what is the worst game of all time that you've played?
Would you give up video games for life and receive $500,000 in cash, or would you refuse the money?
Have you ever played a game in VR? What did you think of it?
Do you watch any Youtube/Twitch streamers?
What’s your favorite horror game?
Do you have an idea for a game? What is it?
Is there any game you regret investing so much time in?
What’s your favorite video game adaption?