What’s something not many people know about you?
What are you most passionate about?
What makes you laugh out loud?
What was your favorite thing to do as a kid?
Who do you text the most?
What do you like to cook the most?
What’s your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite book?
Who is most influential in your life?
How do you spend your mornings?
What’s your all-time favorite band?
What’s your dream job?
What did you study?
What did you want to be growing up?
What is the best pickup line you’ve ever used? Heard?
Do you have any nicknames?
What talent do you wish you had?
Where do you see yourself living when you retire?
What is your favorite weekend activity?
Do you have any pet peeves?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What makes you most uncomfortable about dating?
What is your favorite place in the entire world?
What time period would you travel to?
What is one thing you can’t live without?
What is your least favorite chore?
What is your earliest memory?
Who are you most thankful for and why?
Where do you want to go on vacation?
What instrument would you like to play?
What would be your ideal day?
What makes you the happiest?
If you could spend an entire day with a family member, who would it be and why?
If you could be an animal, what would it be and why?
If you could be any age, what age would you choose?
What’s your guilty pleasure?
If you could describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
Who do you count on the most for help?
If you won the lottery, what would be your first big splurge?
What’s one movie you could watch over and over?
Where’s the most exotic place you’ve ever been?
If you could have picked your own name, what would it be?
When you die, what do you want to be reincarnated as?
What is your favorite guilty pleasure TV show?
What was your worst “foot in mouth” moment?
Who would you swap lives with for a day?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is the strangest gift you have ever received?
What is the funniest gift you have ever given?
What are three fun facts about yourself?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received?
Would you rather be invisible or have X-ray vision?
If you could only save one item from a house fire, what would it be?
What is the one food you could eat for the rest of your life?
What makes you really angry?
What is your spirit animal?
If you could have tea with a fictional character, who would that be?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?
If you could sit down with your 13-year old self, what would you say?
What would you do if you were home alone and the power went out?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
What would your rock band group be called?
What’s your drink of choice?
What is the worst advice you have given?
If you could do anything illegal without getting caught, what would you do?
What is the worst first date you have ever been on?
What is the worst present you have ever received and why?
If your friend is sad, what do you do to make them feel better?
If you had the opportunity to invent a new ice cream flavor, what would it be?
What keeps you up at night?
What would your theme song be if you had your own show?
What’s the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What’s the best thing about your work/school?
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
If you could open a business, what would it be?
If you could have any job you wanted, what would it be?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What’s your favorite season? Why?
If you could create a new holiday, what would it be?
What’s the most beautiful place near where you live?
What’s something that annoys you but doesn’t bother most other people?
What’s your favorite curse word?
What smell brings back great memories?
What strange belief do you have?
Do you play any sports?
What’s your favorite place that you’ve traveled to?
What emerging technology excites you?
What’s your current goal in life?
Summer or Winter?
What’s your favorite holiday?
What’s the pandemic been like for you?
What’s your favorite food?
What’s your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What’s your fondest memory?
Do you want to get married?
How many kids do you want?